V22F-860 Update Readme (#23)
red-panda-productions/ipc-lib: README.md

![Tests linux](https://github.com/red-panda-productions/ipc-lib/actions/workflows/testing-linux.yml/badge.svg)
![Coverage linux](https://github.com/red-panda-productions/ipc-lib/actions/workflows/code-coverage-linux.yml/badge.svg) 
![Tests windows](https://github.com/red-panda-productions/ipc-lib/actions/workflows/testing-windows.yml/badge.svg)
![Coverage windows](https://github.com/red-panda-productions/ipc-lib/actions/workflows/code-coverage-windows.yml/badge.svg) 
# SimulatedDrivingAssistanceSystem

# IPCLib

> An open source cross platform C++ socket library. 

Reviewer: "open source" is used as an adjective here, so should be spelled "open-source"
"cross platform" is used as an adjective here, so should be spelled "cross-platform"

> IPCLib can be used to create connections between two processes either on the same system or on two different systems, but was mainly created to provide a connection between two processes on the same system for inter process communication. IPCLib provides a server and a client class that can be used to create this behaviour and to easily send data between the two processes. IPCLib works on Windows and Linux (tested on Ubuntu 20.04).

Reviewer: "inter process" should be spelled "inter-process"
Prefer US spelling, so "behavior"
Perhaps also note which Windows version was tested (as it might suddenly break on Windows XP ;p)

> IPCLib can be used to create connections between two processes either on the same system or on two different systems, but was mainly created to provide a connection between two processes on the same system for inter-process communication. IPCLib provides a server and a client class that can be used to create this behaviour and to easily send data between the two processes. IPCLib works on Windows (tested on Windows 2022) and Linux (tested on Ubuntu 20.04).

Reviewer: Windows 2022 is not a Windows version. Should probably be "Windows 10 and 11"

> IPCLib can be used to create connections between two processes either on the same system or on two different systems, but was mainly created to provide a connection between two processes on the same system for inter-process communication. IPCLib provides a server and a client class that can be used to create this behaviour and to easily send data between the two processes. IPCLib works on Windows (tested on Windows 2022) and Linux (tested on Ubuntu 20.04).

Reviewer: Behavior should be spelled with US spelling

## Download

You can download the IPCLib library from the [Releases](https://github.com/red-panda-productions/ipc-lib/releases) page. We recommend using the latest version as it is (currently) the most stable version available. If you do not like the available packages you can always build the project from the source code using CMake with your prefered compiler.

## Using IPCLib in your project

> For Windows you need to ensure that the library is included and can be found in your library files. Furthermore you need to ensure that the IPCLib dll is imported next to your program when the program is builded, which can be done with CMake. 

Reviewer: "that the library is included _in your project_" or similar.
Comma after "Furthermore"
"DLL" or ".dll file"
"builded" should be "built"

> For Linux you might need to add the compiler option -pthread to the gcc compiler, as the IPCLib library needs to link with this library in order to work.

Reviewer: Use backticks around "-pthread" to put it in monospace font.
GCC should be written in capitals.
It is not clear what "this library" refers to. It currently seems as if IPCLib requires IPCLib to work.

> For Linux you might need to add the compiler option '-pthread' to the gcc compiler, as the IPCLib library needs to link with this library in order to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux you might need to add the compiler option `-pthread` to the GCC compiler, as the IPCLib library needs to link with the POSIX thread library in order to work.
```
